Update docs with iptables requirement on canal and calico (#3367)
rancher/rke2: docs/install/network_options.md

    For more information about the full options of the Canal config please refer to the [rke2-charts](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main-source/packages/rke2-canal/charts/values.yaml).

>     > **Note:** Canal requires the iptables binary to be available in the node to set network policies and hostPorts
> 
>     > **Warning:** Canal is currently not supported in the windows installation of RKE2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** Canal requires the iptables or xtables-nft package to be installed on the node.

    > **Warning:** Canal is currently not supported on clusters with Windows nodes.
```

    For more information about values available for the Calico chart, please refer to the [rke2-charts repository](https://github.com/rancher/rke2-charts/blob/main/charts/rke2-calico/rke2-calico/v3.19.2-204/values.yaml)

>     > **Note:** Calico requires the iptables binary to be available in the node to set network policies and hostPorts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** Calico requires the iptables or xtables-nft package to be installed on the node.
```
